>> Scott Moss: This is a topic I
really wanted to teach because,
like I was telling someone earlier,
I just can't imagine a time where
I've written code without Nodejs.
I can't even go back in my
head like when did I learn it?
I feel like I've always known it.
So I just want everybody else to
know it because it's life changing.
It's pretty amazing.
Especially if you already know JavaScript.
So I normally don't do slides.
If you have ever watched any of my
courses, i'm just not the slide person.
The military just kind of killed
me when it came to slides.
So I just don't do slides.
But I'm doing slides for this one, because
there are a lot of concepts that I wanna
go over and have conversations with you
all about, that aren't related to examples
in code, but
just more thought exercises and concepts.
So there will be slides with this, but
also there will be accompanying repo where
you will be doing a lot
of different exercises.
So in the repo you see read me and
all different types of things.
Feel free to poke around and look at it as
we go, but we're gonna explore all this,
so no need.
No requirements, or anything like that.
We're gonna go over everything.
But again, the read me is there for any
resources or things that I talk about and
you wanna see where that link is,
it's gonna be in the read me.
And then, also the link to
the slide is in the reading.
So if you go down to resources and
click on that,
you'll see a link right here to the slide.
So you can go ahead and click on that and
follow along, if you want on the slide or
you can just watch my screen,
it's up to you.
But the slides will be there.
So I'm just gonna go ahead and
start with this, with the slides and
then we'll jump back to a,
to the actual project in a minute, cool.
All right, so show of hands,
who's used Java script before?
Okay, everybody, yeah.
Cuz that's kind of a requirement for
this course.
So like if you didn't know Java script
it's gonna be a hard hard time, so
that's good, that's good, okay, awesome.
I heard a lot of people built like
projects with React or Ember.
So that means you have a little
bit of experience with Node,
unless you're doing like
everything client side.
So I would imagine it's probably
gonna be some specific questions you
might have in your experience with Node.
So feel free to ask me those questions.
I really wanna help people out with
any practical situations that they
have at work.
That's just how my mind works.
I'm very practical.
So if there's something very specific
that you've encountered and you're like,
well, explain this, ask me right away.
And that brings me to my next point,
so yeah, let's have fun with this.
So yeah, like Mark said,
this is gonna be an intro to Nodejs.
We're gonna go over everything
from installing to deploying
many different types of apps,
and everything in between.